
You have 1 chunks

Chunk #0
Chunk ID: SJfAqzBE7zHNZGngS7xYE5
Summary: This chunk contains detailed medical history and clinical presentation related to a patient with cardiac arrhythmias, neurological issues, and complex comorbidities requiring evaluation and management.
Propositions:
    -59f with cad s/p multiple pcis, ischemic chf, type i dm, hx of anoxic brain injury, anxiety, depression who presents with altered mental status sp icd placement for ventricular tachycradia. per husbands report 5 weeks ago pt presented to with small mi per his report. was going to be dcd home when she had an anxiety attack which led to vt and transfered to icu for one week. one week later transfered to rehab hospital where on telemetry had high amount of ventricular arrythmia. cardiology at rehab thought she should have icd placed. patient was admitted on to for prophylactic placement of an icd given history of ventricular tachycardia. this placement was c/b small hematoma at icd site and episode of vt leading to icd to fire. patient was transfered to icu at osh where patient had two further epidoses of vt that required icd firing. briefly, while hospitalized patient started on mexiletine for vt however liver enzymes trended up so this medication was stopped. metoprolol was also increased to 100mg po tid. during admission patient also found to have prolonged qt so levaquin, amiodarone and xanax were stopped. at transfer patient has been tachycardia free for one week last episode of vt . further while hospitalized at the osh celexa, namenda and xanax were stopped given patients delirium. abilify and remeron were started. patient's agitation appears to have been treated with restraints and benzodiazepines. during that icu stay husband noticed increased anxiety and more delirium. no success in understanding etiology of delirium. poor po intake. family asked by team there about making patient dnr/dni. family contact dr. , who has treated patient in the past and he had patient transferred here for further evaluation of her delirium. at the outside hosptial no infections identified or treated. ct scan of head when admitted with mi and repeated on sunday husband notes a difference concerning for stroke. . on arrival to micu, patient agitated, yelling. states she has pain in her arms and legs, but unable to tell more about it. . review of systems: unable to assess given patients mental status. past medical history: - cad s/p anterior mi, multiple pcis and history of left main thrombosis during last cath in ; with thrombotic event developed 10 minute asystolic arrest. since then she has had positive stress test, not deemed to be intervened upon due to high risk. - ischemic chf with most recent known ef 20-25% in . - pvd s/p fem- bypass. - dm type i - ckd - baseline creatinine 2.5-3 - legally blind due to diabetic retinopathy - anoxic brain injury resulting from pea arrest in cath as above. - memory and word finding difficulties of unclear etiology; has been evaluated by neurology and cognitive neurology. - diabetic neuropathy - hypothyroidism - anxiety - depression - s/p carpal tunnel surgery - ?severe pulmonary hypertension social history: she has one son. she finished a bachelor's degree in college, is married, and lives with her husband. she is a nonsmoker and does not drink any alcohol. at baseline uses a walker as a result of her diabetic neuropathy and can get around the house on her own. thinking is clear, not as good as 10-15 years ago. per husband. family history: her mother died at 50 of heart-related illness. physical exam: vitals: afebrile, 74, 147/57 general: angry, agitated. eyes shut, does not open spontaneously to command. shouting nonsensically - often disinhibited and swearing at others. often shouting for "" or "". repeats what is said to her in mocking tone. sometimes with word finding difficulties or replacement with similar sounding words. at times when threatening speech. heent: sclera anicteric, perrl 4->3 though only can see eyes when lids forced open. mmm, oropharynx clear. neck: supple, jvp not elevated, no lad. lungs: clear to auscultation bilaterally, no wheezes, rales, rhonchi, though poor insiratory effort and will only permit anterolateral exam currently. cv: regular rate and rhythm, normal s1 + s2, sm at lusb without radiation. l sided icd with overlying ecchymosis, area somewhat firm, no erythema
